You can't beat us
I'll tell you what.
On this stage, whoever is the champion is the champion.
As for you, rely on your so-called talent
The four brothers have subdued you
It seems
You're still the tech scene thinking judge
Three of them are Mr. Chen's people
Chu Fan, you still don't understand
You can't move capital
The entertainment industry is not as simple as you think
Your talents are worthless in my eyes
To tell you the truth
The three finals tickets in the hands of the judges
In fact, it has already been predetermined
In the end, no matter who wins
Mr. Chen will announce on stage
The sacrifice of the masked singer
Help Miss Jiang regain her position as a queen
Chu Fan, stop dreaming
You can't even play the judges
Why are you here?
How can you be so sure I can't get up?